---
title: "computer with compact c #1"
date: 2023-11-19
layout: post
---

i do not consider myself as a good engineer nor a good friend.
but, one thought has been tingling somewhere inside my brain since i've been working as a software developer,
after my escape from some glorified engineering researching job where one never writes a usable code.

i want to help anyone with good heart and will for software development in my team to successfully lead their careers.

let's think about the requirements of the ones who are struggling to get a hold of software development.
(not that i am any kind of master)

- likes high level languages but lacks confidence and knowledge about computer science.
    - something like c, os .. they fear these and do not think it's their field.
- studies lots of high level stuff and find solutions in more high level stuff
    - orm, object oriented programming, functional programming, agile, some kind of process or hidden layers.

to these people, i believe they need some low level stuff.

not because they must become c, c++, rust developers.

because hardware will always be there at the heart of innovation.
fixing problem with compiler is really a beautiful thing but 

if you want to be a good developer, who can solve any problem with computer.
your main target should not be language or certain tech, 
but computer in general.

and underlying principles of computer are used recursively throughout the field.
putting ones who ignore the low level to alway uphill battle.

so, i want to introduce some low level stuff i understand and use
to my people.

this is my goal.

